Deprecate extending a configuration in another project (#29861)
gradle/gradle: platforms/documentation/docs/src/docs/userguide/releases/upgrading/upgrading_version_8.adoc

Consuming non-consumable configurations in this manner is deprecated and will result in an error in Gradle 9.0.

[[extending_configurations_in_same_project]]
==== Deprecated extending configurations in the same project

In prior versions of Gradle, it was possible to extend a configuration in different project.

> Projects should not have knowledge of configurations in other projects.
> This practice is discouraged because it can lead to unexpected behavior when configurations are extended in a way that is not intended by the configuration's owner.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Projects should not access the mutable state of another project. 
Since Configurations are mutable, extending configurations across project boundaries restricts the parallelism that Gradle can apply.
```

Some suggestions

Author: That is good detail, but perhaps too much detail for some readers.  I'm going to add it and reword this a little.
